docs: update plugin subcommands documentation for v3 (#173)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/plugins/Subcommands/getting-started.mdx

### Usage

> ```typescript ts2esm2cjs

Reviewer: Re-add highlight on the subcommands array

import { SubCommandPluginCommand } from '@sapphire/plugin-subcommands';
```typescript ts2esm2cjs
import {
  SubCommandPluginCommand,
  MessageSubcommandMappings,
  ChatInputSubcommandMappings,
  SubcommandMappingsArray
} from '@sapphire/plugin-subcommands';
import type { Args } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { Message } from 'discord.js';
import type { Message, CommandInteraction } from 'discord.js';

// Extend `SubCommandPluginCommand` instead of `Command`
export class UserCommand extends SubCommandPluginCommand {

>   public constructor(context: SubCommandPluginCommand.Context, options: SubCommandPluginCommand.Options) {

Reviewer 2: curious on the removal of `public` here as it's used throughout the rest of the file

Author: added it back

>   public constructor(context, options) {

Reviewer: types

        {
          name: 'remove',
          messageRun: 'messageRemove',
          chatInputRun: 'chatInputRemove'
        },
        {
          name: 'list',
          messageRun: 'messageList',
          chatInputRun: 'chatInputList'
        }
      ]
    });
  }

  public async messageAdd(message: Message, args: Args) {}

  public async messageRemove(message: Message, args: Args) {}

  public async messageList(message: Message, args: Args) {}

  public async chatInputAdd(interaction: CommandInteraction) {}

  public async chatInputRemove(interaction: CommandInteraction) {}

  public async chatInputList(interaction: CommandInteraction) {}
}
```

:::note

> To use subcommands on slash commands, you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use subcommands on Chat Input Commands, you need to
```
